proposal.md, before:

# General description of project
> E.g. Building an inventory tracking system for my CCA

#Goals of project
> E.g. Streamline tracking and cataloguing of inventory to facilitate member loans, repairs & Semester stock-taking needs

# Listing of features
> List all the features in the fully functional app - you may choose to work on a subset of this listing to produce a MVP (minimum viable product) given constraint of time

# External Scanning
> Are there similar apps / codebase that you found online that is similar to your project?  Provide link(s) to these projects and outline how will your project be different?

# Listing of Key Use Cases
> Yearly, CCA senior will do stock-take and will need to generate a report on the existing stock.
> Start of school break, members will loan equipment and will need to return when school break ends.

# Skills that my project requires me to pick up
> List out the skills that you are not familiar with that is necessary due to the project scope.

# [Development Log](/devlog.md)
> You will be updating this section regularly
> - Week 5
> - Week 6
> - Week 7
> - Week 8
> - Week 9
> - Week 10

Commit message:

feat: ricp points system proposal

proposal.md, after:

# General description of project
Building a points system for RICP (Raffles Institution Competitive Programming)

# Goals of project
In order to encourage more active participation during training, as well as
to do the practice problems after training.

# Listing of features

- Points leaderboard
- Ability for admins to add and subtract points with reasons
- View the point history of each member
- (?) Group points (tbh not very sure how exactly this will work at the moment)
- (?) Automatically add points when members solve a problem using some sort of API
  to communicate with the online judge

# External Scanning

I guess just using Excel/Google sheets works, but its not particularly elegant.
I also just want an excuse to code something.

This might also be similar to Class Dojo but that's kind of childish and 
also if I'm not wrong there is no way to have custom messages when adding or subtracting points,
and the amount of points that you can subtract is also limited to a few choices.

There are also a few points bots for Discord, but again I don't think they support
custom messages, nor viewing the point history of a particular person.

# Listing of Key Use Cases

- When people answer questions during training, we give them points
- When people do the practice problems, we give them points
- When people troll and fool around during, we subtract points
- At the end of the month of something we give out prizes based on the points

# Skills that my project requires me to pick up

- having a database to store the stuff in, probably gonna use Firebase firestore

# [Development Log](/devlog.md)
